After being with you I have no idea how I lived so long without you.
Your smile is literally the cutest thing I have seen in my whole life.
You are the first and last thing on my mind each and every day.
Love is composed of a single soul inhabiting two bodies.
Love is an energy which exists of itself. It is its own value.
Love has no errors, for all errors are the want for love.
You know you are in love when you cannot fall asleep because reality is finally better than your dreams.
True love happens accidentally, in a heartbeat, in a single flashing, throbbing moment.
Every heart sings a song, incomplete, until another heart whispers back.
There is always some madness in love. But there is also always some reason in madness.
True love doesn't need proof.  The eyes told what heart felt.
True love cannot be found where it does not exist, nor can it be denied where it does.
A soul mate is not found. A soul mate is recognized.
Find my hand in the darkness, intertwined you will be the day to my night. We can share wings and take flight towards our own inner light.
Real love is always chaotic. The greater the love, the greater the chaos. It’s a given and that’s the secret.
You know you're in love when you cant even put into words, how you feel for a person.
I saw you were perfect, so I loved you.  Then I saw you were imperfect so I loved you even more.
You are the man all my love quotes are about!
All I had to do was look into your eyes and I knew my life had been changed for the better. Thank you for showing me what love looks like.
I find strength in the fact that with you I can be myself, because am sure you will love me still.
Loving you gives me the strength to do things that I never imagined possible.
I can't decide if the best part of my day is waking up next to you, or going to sleep with you. 
Loving you comes to me as naturally as the rain falling, the sun shining and the flowers blooming.
Love has the capacity to grow endlessly when it finds the perfect heart.
I crown you my king. I choose you to reign and rule inside my heart.
Boundless is it. The love between us. And timeless is it, our being together in love.
You spice up my life like curry and thyme.  It’s you I want around me all of the time!
For it was not into my ear you whispered, but into my heart. It was not my lips you kissed, but my soul.
When you are next to me, the only place I want to be ever is even closer.
You came into my life when all was dark, but you gave me the light and I found my way.