I still fall for you every day.
I love when you smile, it's cute!
I've wanted more minutes in a day since I met you.
I think I wished for you all my life.
It doesnt matter where I am, I'm yours.
7.2 billion smiles and yours is my favorite.
When you put your arms around me, I'm home.
When I look into your eyes I see the mirror of my soul.
And then my soul saw you and it kind of went... Oh, there you are. I’ve been looking all over for you.
Thank you, for always making me feel like the most beautiful woman in the world.
It is because of you that I now understand all of those quotes about love.
When I wake up and see you lying next me, I can’t help but smile. It's a good day simply because I started it with you.
I loved you from the very first day.
Your hand fits in mine, like it's made just for me.
You've changed my life for the better. I am inspired to be different when I’m with you!
I love you even more than when I started this sentence.
I love you as certain dark things are to be loved, in secret, between the shadow and the soul.
I love you because the entire universe conspired to help me find you.
I didn't know someone whom I wasn't seeking, could make me feel like I didn't need to search anymore.
I cry to think of how lucky we both are to have found each other, since it is clear that we are the only ones in the world who can understand what we understood in the instantaneous manner in which we understood it.
You are the missing piece of my heart and soul. United we are now whole.
The good things in life are better with you.
I swear I couldn’t love you more than I do right now, and yet I know I will tomorrow. 
The first time I saw you my heart whispered, that’s the one.
All I can do is smile as I watch you lay sleeping. 
Sometimes I get frustrated at how hard it is to find the right words to express just how much you mean to me.
Miss you, miss you, want to kiss you!
When words aren’t enough to tell you how amazing you are, remind me to come and kiss you.
I never knew what love was until I met you.
Every moment with you is the sweetest one.