Immature love says, I love you because I need you. Mature love says, I need you because I love you.
There is only one happiness in life, to love and to be loved
I am always yours to call wherever the sea can reach.
To love and be loved is the great happiness of existence.
Love sees all, hate is blind.
Who is wise in love, love most, say least
But love is blind, and lovers cannot see What petty follies they themselves commit.
I have learned not to worry about love, but to honor its coming with all my heart.
A true relationship is someone who accepts your past, supports your present, and encourages your future.
He broke down her walls without her even noticing.  And when he rebuilt them he added windows to let the sunshine in.
There could have been no two hearts so open, no tastes so similar, no feelings so in unison.
Love is the sky and i am for you, just so long and long enough.
We are all a little weird and life’s a little weird, and when we find someone whose weirdness is compatible with ours, we join up with them and fall in mutual weirdness and call it love.
The day that man allows true love to appear, those things which are well made will fall into confusion and will overturn everything we believe to be right and true.
In all the world, there is no heart for me like yours. In all the world, there is no love for you like mine.
A woman knows the face of the man she loves as a sailor knows the open sea.
Love is a deeper season than reason, my sweet one.
Love does not consist of gazing at each other, but in looking outward together in the same direction.
I seem to have loved you in numberless forms, numberless times, in life after life, in age after age forever.
Sometimes your nearness takes my breath away; and all the things I want to say can find no voice. Then, in silence, I can only hope my eyes will speak my heart.
To love is to receive a glimpse of heaven.
True love does not come by finding the perfect person, but by learning to see an imperfect person perfectly.
Imperfection is nothing where there is boundless love: thinking about your love makes me see this as absolute truth.
The best and most beautiful things in this world cannot be seen or even heard, but must be felt with the heart.
You don't love someone because they're perfect, you love them in spite of the fact that they're not.
One word frees us of all the weight and pain of life: That word is love.
Love takes off masks that we fear we cannot live without and know we cannot live within.
Love is when you meet someone who tells you something new about yourself.
You know you’re in love when you don’t want to fall asleep because reality is finally better than your dreams.
To be fully seen by somebody, then, and be loved anyhow, this is a human offering that can border on miraculous.